Ultimate Edition part 2 how to wave
Hypnose Ultimate Edition is one of the
best basic level popping instructional
DVDs on the market all of the
foundations of popping are broken down
into easy-to-follow steps and paired
with exercises to help you improve your
technique what's up everybody we're back
and welcome to my basic popping waving
isolation 101 classic classic edition so
this is the part to the DVD set
hopefully you got the DVD set if you
have not it could go back to owww a
hypno calm to get part one which is all
about popping now part two it's all
about joint isolation but what is
popping is the dance form is about
isolation so you've got one pot with
it's all about muscle isolation which we
call hitting on popping and this part
this DVD we're going to talk about the
joint isolation which you can just call
it isolation or we combine them and
looks like a wave or waving so that's
why we go to cover in this DVD and this
DVD will go over allow the basic
foundation so the most important focus
for this DVD is we want to teach you the
foundation so you can kind of do your
own style waving in the end we all go
look different obviously all the same
somewhat but once you know the basic
structure the skeleton of the dance
response the isolation of the waving
it's all gonna be the same and
everything's could be so easy let's say
when you want to learn from our more
intermediate or higher level DVD like
the elite or other dvds combine waving
you might have problem doing that if you
don't know the structure of the wave so
this DVD will definitely break
everything down for you and once again
of course it's going to
practice so we're going to go over the
basic clicks which is the structure of
the ways we're going to do some body
waves on waves we're going to do a
balanced way which is a good practice to
understand the waves we go do a basic
cobra isolation we go do some ideas as
well tracing waves and we're going to do
a basic workout which is similar to what
we did in our part 1 of this DVDs one on
one set of them popping and we're gonna
do something liek combo as well so
that's this like a little bonus a little
extra so this DVD is all about waiving
all about isolation and once again you
do have to take your time and practice
we do teach extremely slow in the basic
101 so I'm sure you have fun and make
sure just take your time and do not move
on to life and let the chapter until you
really get um what you're learning in
that particular chapter well because in
the end everything is kind of similar
but we do build on the difficulty so
don't wash yourself don't you get
frustrated just take a time turn it off
and come back later so let's get started